README.md, before:

shellserver
===========

Simple presentation server for HTML-based tools like reveal.js and Google I/O slide templates.  Packages html terminal, web server, and shell proxy.

## Approach

There are a lot of nice HTML-based presentation tools out there.  The shellserver system 
cleanly separates your tool-specific HTML presentation files from a git repo with 
a web server and git submodules for presentation tool libraries.  It should allow easy
hacking on the server to allow proxying commands (e.g., using an embedded HTML terminal)
to your shell.

Author your presentation HTML file for a particular tool, e.g., reveal.js.  Where you would
use relative paths that call "css", "lib", and "js" directory files, add a "reveal.js/" 
prefix.  Then run "shellserver --present=/dir/with/my_talk.html" and surf to
"localhost:6789/my_talk.html" and you should be seeing your reveal.js presentation.
(This assumes you are running shellserver from the working directory.  If not, you
can manually set the shellserver working directory using the --shellserver=/path/to/repo.)

## Quick Start

If you aren't a Go developer, this will suffice:

    % git clone https://github.com/DocSavage/shellserver.git
    % cd shellserver
    % git submodule init     # These two commands will pull all presentation libraries
    % git submodule update

If you aren't on 64-bit Mac, copy the appropriate executable for your platform:

    % rm shellserver
    % cp bin/linux_amd64/shellserver . 

Run the server.  By default this will use the git working directory as both the
presentation files directory and the shellserver directory.

    % ./shellserver

Now you are ready to try the included demos.

### See reveal.js presentation

Point your web browser to [localhost:6789/revealjs.html](http://localhost:6789/revealjs.html)
to see the basic reveal.js template.  (Only slightly modified to add 'reveal.js/' to
the relative paths in the html file.)

### See Google I/O 2012 slide template

Point your web browser to [localhost:6789/google-io.html](http://localhost:6789/google-io.html)
to see the basic reveal.js template.  (Only slightly modified to add 'google-io/' to
the relative paths in the html file.)

## Go Developers

There's only one small file, shellserver.go, and it's cross-compiled with 
[goxc](http://www.laher.net.nz/goxc/) of which I've tested it on one system:
64-bit Mac :)  64-bit Linux and Windows 7 coming up.

## TODO

* Add presentation terminal that proxies commands out to server, which actually runs and
returns the results.
* Add Go in-presentation compilation and execution like [play.golang.org](http://play.golang.org).

Commit message:

Added impress.js.  Added version to executable generation via goxc.

README.md, after:

shellserver
===========

Simple presentation server for HTML-based tools like reveal.js and Google I/O slide templates.  Packages html terminal, web server, and shell proxy.

## Approach

There are a lot of nice HTML-based presentation tools out there.  The shellserver system 
cleanly separates your tool-specific HTML presentation files from a git repo with 
a web server and git submodules for presentation tool libraries.  It should allow easy
hacking on the server to allow proxying commands (e.g., using an embedded HTML terminal)
to your shell.

Author your presentation HTML file for a particular tool, e.g., reveal.js.  Where you would
use relative paths that call "css", "lib", and "js" directory files, add a "reveal.js/" 
prefix.  Then run "shellserver --present=/dir/with/my_talk.html" and surf to
"localhost:6789/my_talk.html" and you should be seeing your reveal.js presentation.
(This assumes you are running shellserver from the working directory.  If not, you
can manually set the shellserver working directory using the --shellserver=/path/to/repo.)

## Quick Start

If you aren't a Go developer, this will suffice:

    % git clone https://github.com/DocSavage/shellserver.git
    % cd shellserver
    % git submodule init     # These two commands will pull all presentation libraries
    % git submodule update

If you aren't on 64-bit Mac, copy the appropriate executable for your platform:

    % rm shellserver
    % cp bin/0.1/linux_amd64/shellserver . 

Run the server.  By default this will use the git working directory as both the
presentation files directory and the shellserver directory.

    % ./shellserver

Now you are ready to try the included demos.

### See reveal.js presentation

Point your web browser to [localhost:6789/reveal.html](http://localhost:6789/reveal.html)
to see the basic reveal.js template.  (Only slightly modified to add 'reveal.js/' to
the relative paths in the html file.)

### See Google I/O 2012 slide template

Point your web browser to [localhost:6789/google-io.html](http://localhost:6789/google-io.html)
to see the basic Google I/O template.  (Only slightly modified to add 'google-io/' to
the relative paths in the html file.)

### See impress.js presentation

Point your web browser to [localhost:6789/impress.html](http://localhost:6789/impress.html)
to see the basic impress.js template.  (Only slightly modified to add 'impress.js/' to
the relative paths in the html file.)

## Go Developers

There's only one small file, shellserver.go, and it's cross-compiled with 
[goxc](http://www.laher.net.nz/goxc/) of which I've tested it on one system:
64-bit Mac :)  64-bit Linux and Windows 7 coming up.

## TODO

* Add presentation terminal that proxies commands out to server, which actually runs and
returns the results.
* Add Go in-presentation compilation and execution like [play.golang.org](http://play.golang.org).
